Pipeline for the new google symptoms indicator (#344)
cmu-delphi/covidcast-indicators: google_symptoms/README.md

# Google Symptoms

> We import the confirmed case and deaths data from the Google Research's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We import the normalized symptom search term popularity data from the Google Research's
```
